BUG: DataFrame.style displays wrong value for long integers #52272 FIX (#52686)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v2.1.0.rst

^^^^^^^^^^
- Bug in :meth:`ArrowDtype.numpy_dtype` returning nanosecond units for non-nanosecond ``pyarrow.timestamp`` and ``pyarrow.duration`` types (:issue:`51800`)
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.info` raising  ``ValueError`` when ``use_numba`` is set (:issue:`51922`)

> - Bug in :func:`_default_formatter`, If the DataFrame contains integers with more digits than can be represented by floating point double precision

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :func:`DataFrame.style.to_latex` and :func:`DataFrame.style.to_html` if the DataFrame contains integers with more digits than can be represented by floating point double precision
```

> _default_formatter returns incorrect data value truncated due to loss of precision. Fix adds to html or latex as string in this case (:issue:`52272`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
